How many authors do we have?
Count the number of authors.
How many papers do we have?
Count the number of papers.
How many affiliations do we have?
Count the number of affiliations.
How many papers do we have in NAACL 2000?
Count the number of papers in NAACL 2000.
How many papers are published in year 2009 by Columbia University?
Count the number of papers published by Columbia University in 2009.
List names and addresses for all affiliations.
What are the names and addresses for all affiliations?
List all venues and years for papers ordered by year.
What are the distinct venues for papers, ordered by year?
Find the titles and paper IDs for papers written by Harvard University.
What are the titles and paper ids for papers written in affiliation with Harvard University?
Find all papers with titles and paper IDs written by Mckeown.
What are the titles and paper ids for papers written by Mckeown?
Find all papers with titles and paper IDs collaborated by Stanford University and Columbia University.
What are the titles and paper ids for papers which were affiliated with both Stanford and Columbia University?
Find all papers with titles and paper IDs co-authored by Mckeown, Kathleen and Rambow, Owen.
What are the titles and paper ids co-authored by Mckeown, Kathleen and Rambow, Owen?
Find the titles and paper IDs for papers which have Mckeown but not Rambow in author list.
What are the titles and paper ids which have Mckeown as an author, but not Rambow?
Find the titles and paper IDs for papers which have Mckeown, Kathleen or Rambow, Owen in author list.
What are the titles and paper ids for papers that have Mckeown, Kathleen or Rambow, Owen in their author list?
List the names of all authors and their number of papers in descending order by number of papers.
How many papers did each author publish, ordered by number of papers?
List all affiliations with ascending ordered number of papers.
What are the names of all affiliations, ordered by number of papers?
List names of all authors who have more than 50 papers.
What are the names of all authors who have more than 50 papers?
List names of all authors who have only 1 paper.
What are the names of authors who have exactly 1 paper?
What is the venue and year with the most number of publications?
What was the venue and year with the most publications?
What is the venue with the least number of publications?
Which venue has the fewest publications?
How many papers cite paper with id A00-1002?
Count the number of papers which cited a paper with id A00-1002.
How many reference papers does paper with id D12-1027 have?
Count the number of references the paper with id D12-1027 has.
What is the id and the number of citations of the most cited paper?
Give the id and the number of citations of the most cited paper.
Give the title of the paper which cites most number of papers?
What is the title of the paper which cites the most other papers?
List top 10 most cited papers and their numbers of citations.
What are the 10 most cited papers, and how many citations did each have?
How many citations does Mckeown , Kathleen have ?
Count the number of citations Mckeown , Kathleen has .
How many papers does Mckeown , Kathleen cite ?
Count the number of papers Mckeown , Kathleen has cited .
Find the name and number of citations of the author who has most citations among all authors?
What is the name and number of citations of the author with the greatest number of citations among authors?
What are the venues and years where Mckeown , Kathleen had papers ?
Which venues and years did Mckeown , Kathleen have papers ?
What are the venues and years where Columbia University had papers ?
Which venues and years did Columbia University have papers ?
Which author had the most papers in the year 2009?
What is the name of the author with the most papers in 2009?
What are the names of the top 3 affiliations that have the most papers in year 2009?
Which 3 affiliations had the most papers in 2009?
How many papers does Columbia University have in or before 2009 ?
Count the number of papers Columbia University had during or prior to 2009 .
How many papers does Stanford University have between 2000 and 2009?
Count the number of papers Stanford University had between 2000 and 2009.
What is the title of the paper that has most number of authors?
Give the title of the paper with the most authors.
How many collaborators has Mckeown , Kathleen had ?
Count the number of collaborators that Mckeown , Kathleen has had .
Who has the most papers co-authored with Mckeown , Kathleen ?
What is the name of the author who has co-authored the most papers with Mckeown , Kathleen ?
Find the id of the papers whose title has the key word 'translation'.
What are the ids for papers with titles containing 'translation'?
Find the id and title of the papers that are never cited by others.
What are the ids and titles for papers that have never been cited?
Find the name of the affiliation whose address contains 'China' and publishes the greatest number of papers.
What is the name of the affiliation which publishes the greatest number of papers among those whose address contains 'China'.
Find the number of papers published in different conferences each year.
How many papers are published in each venue in each year?
Find the total number of papers for each affiliation.
How many papers has each affiliation published?
Find the titles of papers that have more than 50 citations.
What are the titles for papers with more than 50 citations?
Find the number of authors who did not publish any paper that is cited more than 50 times.
How many authors have not published a paper with more than 50 citations?
Find the names of authors who published some paper on NAACL and ACL in the year 2009.
What are the names of authors who published in both NAACL and ACL in 2009?
Find the name of authors who have never published a paper in ACL.
What are the names of authors who have not published a paper in ACL?
