How many agencies do we have?
Count the number of agencies.
Show all agency ids and details.
What are all the agency ids and details?
Show the number of clients.
How many clients are there?
List all client ids and client details.
What are all the client ids and details?
Show agency ids and the number of clients for each agency.
How many clients does each agency have?
What is the agency id and details with most number of clients?
Return the agency id and details for the agency with the greatest number of clients.
Show agency ids and details with at least 2 clients.
What are the agency ids and details agencies with at least 2 clients?
Show agency details for client with detail 'Mac'.
What are the agency details for clients with the detail Mac?
Show details for all clients and the details of their corresponding agents.
What are the client details for each client and the corresponding details of their agencies?
Show all sic codes and the number of clients with each code.
How many clients are there for each sic code?
Show all client ids and details with sic code "Bad".
What are the client ideas and details for clients with the sic code Bad?
Show all agency ids and details for agencies with a client.
What are the agency ids and agency details for all agencies who have a client?
Show all agency ids without any client.
What are ids of agencies that do not have any clients?
How many invoices do we have?
Count the number of invoices.
Show ids, status codes, and details for all invoices for clients.
What are the ids, statuses, and details for all invoices?
Show all client ids and the number of invoices for each client.
How many invoices are there for each client id?
List the client id and detail with most number of invoices.
What are the client id and details for the client with the most invoices?
What are client ids for clients with at least 2 invoices.
Return the client ids for clients with two or more invoices?
Show all invoice status codes and the number of invoices with each status.
How many invoices are there for each status code?
What is the invoice status code with most number of invoices.
Return the invoice status that has the most invoices.
Show all invoice status codes and details and the corresponding client id and details and agency id and details.
What are the invoice status, invoice details, and corresponding client ids and details and agency id and details?
List all meeting type codes and details.
What are all meeting types and other details?
Show all meeting outcomes and purposes.
What are all meeting outcomes and purposes?
Show all payment ids and details for invoices whose status is 'Working'.
What are all payment ids and payment details for invoices with status Working?
Show all invoice ids and statuses without a payment.
What are the invoice ids and statuses for invoices without a payment?
How many payments do we have?
Count the number of payments.
List all payment ids and its corresponding invoice ids and details.
What are the payment ids, invoice ids, and payment details for all payments?
Show all the different invoice ids and statuses of the payments
What are the distinct invoice ids and statuses for all payments?
Show all invoice ids and the number of payments for each invoice.
How many payments are there for each invoice?
What is the invoice id, status code, and details for the invoice with most number of payments.
Return the invoice ids, statuses, and details for invoices with the most payments?
How many staff do we have?
Count the number of staff.
Show the agency ids and the number of staff in each agent?
Return the agency ids and number of staff in each.
What is the agent id and details for the agency with most staff?
Return the id and detail for the agency with the most staff.
Show meeting outcome codes and the number of meeting in each outcome.
How many meetings had each meeting outcome?
List the client ids and the number of meeting for each client.
How many meetings are there for each client id?
Show the meeting type codes and the number of meeting for each client.
How many meetings are there for each meeting type?
Show all meeting ids, meeting outcomes, meeting types and the details of the client atttending it.
What are the meeting ids, meeting outcomes, meeting types, and client details for all meetings?
Show the meeting ids and the number of staff in each meeting.
Count the number of staff in each meeting by meeting id.
Show the staff id and the number of meetings attended by the staff who attended some meeting but had the lowest attendance.
What is the staff id of the staff who attended the least meetings but attended some meeting?
How many staff have attended a meeting?
Return the number of distinct staff who have attended a meeting?
How many staff did not attend any meeting?
Count the number of staff who did not attend any meeting.
What are the ids and details of the clients who have attended any meeting or have any invoice?
Return the ids and details of clients who have attended a meeting or had an invoice.
What are the ids and details of the staff who have attended at least 1 meetings and have the detail with letter 's'?
Return the ids and details of staff who have attended at least 1 meeting and have an s in their staff details?
What are the id, sic code and agency id of the client who has attended 1 meeting and has any invoice.
Return the ids, sic codes, and agency ids of clients who have attended 1 meeting and had an invoice.
List the start time, end time of each meeting, and the corresponding client detail and staff detail.
What are the start and end times of each meeting, as well as the corresponding client and staff details the attendees?
